KSSEM TEACHERS LIST:-
PHYSICS:
​At K.S. School of Engineering and Management (KSSEM) in Mallasandra, the Department of Physics is staffed by a team of dedicated and experienced faculty members. Here is a list of the current physics faculty:​

1.Dr. Vaishali R. Bote: Assistant Professor with 12 years of teaching experience. Her areas of interest include Material Science and Nanocomposites. She holds an M.Sc. and Ph.D. in Physics. ​

2.Dr. Sumantha H. S.: Assistant Professor with 4 years of teaching and research experience. His research interests are in Materials Science and Energy Storage Devices. He has an M.Sc. in Physics and a Ph.D. ​

3.Ms. Pavithra J.: Assistant Professor with 15 years of teaching experience. Her areas of interest are Nuclear and Particle Physics, and Fluid Dynamics. She holds an M.Sc. in Physics and has qualified K-SET. 

4.Ms. Nisha P. G.: Assistant Professor with 5 years of teaching and 10 years of research experience. Her interests include Atmospheric and Ocean Sciences, and Climate Change. She holds an M.Tech and is pursuing a Ph.D. ​

5.Mr. Keerthi A.: Assistant Professor with a background in Physics. He has presented research on "The Physical Aspects in Carnatic Music" at a high-energy physics conference. ​

CHEMISTRY:
At K.S. School of Engineering and Management (KSSEM) in Mallasandra, the Chemistry faculty includes:​

1.Dr. Anitha R: Assistant Professor with 18 years of teaching experience. Her areas of interest are Nanoscience and Biochemistry. She handles subjects like Engineering Chemistry theory and lab, and Environmental Studies. ​

2.Dr. Swarna S: Assistant Professor with 15 years of teaching experience. Her areas of interest include Organic Chemistry, Biodiesel, and Nanomaterials. She is involved in teaching and research in these fields. 

3.Dr. Radha H. R: Assistant Professor with 24 years of teaching experience. Her interests encompass Electrochemistry, Drug Synthesis, Biodiesel, Nanomaterials, and Environmental Chemistry. She has numerous publications in these areas. ​

4.Ms. Pallavi B. N: Assistant Professor with a Master's degree in Organic Chemistry. Her area of interest is Nanochemistry. She is a recent addition to the faculty, bringing fresh perspectives to the department. ​

5.Mr. Avinash R: Chemistry Lab Instructor with 5 years of teaching experience. He assists in conducting laboratory sessions and experiments.

METHEMATICS:
1.Dr. C. Vasudev: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. ​

2.Dr. Radha: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. ​

3.Mrs. Vinutha S.V.: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. ​

4.Mr. Manoharkumar K.N.: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. ​

5.Mrs. Nagarathna T.K.: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. ​

6.Ms. Divya R.: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. ​

7.Ms. Kusuma M.: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. ​

8.Ms. Anitha: Assistant Professor in Mathematics. 