DTE - Code : 465
Notification |
Kammavari Sangham (R) 1952, K. S. Group of Institutions
K. S. POLYTECHNIC
No.15, Mallasandra, Off. Kanakapura Road, Bengaluru-560109,  +919606064189
Approved by AICTE, New-Delhi and Recognized by DTE, Govt. of Karnataka

WELCOME TO K. S. POLYTECHNIC
----------------------------
By the blessings of the elders of Kammavari Sangham, K S Polytechnic was started in the year 1992 with the sole intension of providing quality education to poor, down trodden,
under privileged, students of kamma community in particular and society in general. It started with just two branches viz computer science & engineering and electronics and
communication engineering with an intake of 30 students in each branch at #5 chennammana kere achukattu, Bengaluru. Later in the year 1994 two more branches
i.e., mechanical engineering and automobile engineering were added and the intake was increased to 60 students in each branch. To provide more amenities It was shifted
to #14 Raguvanahalli, kanakapura road, Bengaluru In the year 1995.

In the year 2000 the civil engineering branch was added with an intake of 60 students. Furthermore with
a vision of providing hi-tech facilities as per the current technical trends and growing needs of the students K S Polytechnic was shifted to KSGI Campus - 2 at #15,
Mallasandra, Off Kanakapura road Bengaluru which is spread across 7 acres with greenery around the campus.
A fairly large percentage of students have claimed that KSP is known for its professionalism as well as its strong affliction towards making the students prepare for
the outside world that is both challenging and intimidating. Our reputation precedes our words and we have more than 800 students studying across the 5 different courses.
There has been a great demand for admission to K.S. Polytechnic since its inception as we stand one among the top polytechnics in Bengaluru. So far around 5500 students
have been graduated from this institution since Inception out of which approximately 2500 students have pursued higher education successfully, about 1000 students have
become entrepreneur's and the rest have joined reputed companies.
During the year 2016 our college has been awarded " Most promising private polytechnic in Bangalore " by the global excellence awards prime time media private
limited New Delhi.

SCHOOLVISION
------------

WORKSPACE_PREMIUMMISSION
------------------------

THE LATEST AT K. S. POLYTECHNIC
---------------------------------

LIFE AT K. S. POLYTECHNIC
-------------------------

CAMPUS LIFE
-----------
Our sole purpose is to provide quality and substantial technical education in aspects to serve all the needs of the students perfectly by grooming them in a most professional
way. The new campus provides spacious and furnished lecture halls, seminar halls drawing halls, adequately equipped state-of-the-art laboratory facilities, a library with a
whole host of books, digital library facility for enhancing knowledge of students, reading rooms, in-house canteen, playground, extra-curricular activities and so on in
empowering the creative talents of students and so on which is very much suitable for the standards of National Education Policy 2020.
Separate hostels are provided for boys and girls situated within walking distance from the college for convenience.
The hostels are prepared to be an extended home.
The hostel facilitates completely support students to carry out serious study and to grow physically, intellectually and psychology.
The college tradition and discipline is also extended to the hostels.
Library of K.S. Polytechnic was established with the main objective of providing best services to the users with the help of resources available in the collection.
Prime attention is given for Sports to prepare the youth as dynamic individuals with a healthy sportsmanship and fitness. We encourage the potentials of our youth to shine at
various levels of sports as true sports persons and good citizens.

ACHIEVERS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
--------------------------
Congratulations from the Management, Principal, staff, and students of KS Polytechnic on your incredible achievement in winning the contest and showcasing your project in the Engineering Fair-2024 at Visvesvaraya Industrial Technological Museum! Your dedication, hard work, and creativity have truly paid off, and We couldn't be prouder of each and every one of you.


--

EXPLORE K. S. POLYTECHNIC
-------------------------

VIDEO_LIBRARYCAMPUS VIDEO
-------------------------

VIEW_IN_ARVIRTUAL TOUR
----------------------

PLACEMENTS AT K. S. POLYTECHNIC
-------------------------------
Placement is an integral part of the education process of a student in K. S. Polytechnic. Placement preparation starts soon after admissions. At K.S. Polytechnic we have an excellent placement cell which is continuously striving to enable our students to grab the abundant worldwide job and entrepreneurial opportunities.

TESTIMONIALS
------------
I am a proud alumnus of KS Polytechnic, where I completed my diploma in Electronics and Communication Engineering in 2016.
My experience at KS Polytechnic not only equipped me with technical knowledge but also instilled the confidence to pursue further studies and plan a career in technology.
The strong foundation laid during my time there has been instrumental in my journey, enabling me to thrive as a Technical Consultant for Cisco Cyber Security, managing partnerships across India.
I am immensely grateful to KS Polytechnic for shaping my career path and setting me on a trajectory toward success.
A Golden Era in My Life at K.S. Polytechnic Joining K.S. Polytechnic has been one of the best decisions of my life. During my time here, I gained extensive knowledge in Electronics and Technology, exploring various fields and branches. The faculty at K.S. Polytechnic went beyond the syllabus, providing valuable insights and taking great care in shaping my career. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my Principal, HOD Savitha Mam, Lecturer Illahi K.N. Sir, Chidananda Sir, Bhanuprakash Sir, Ranjini Mam, Sathish Sir, Umadevi Mam, and Praveen Sir for their exceptional guidance and support throughout my journey.
The best supportive faculty we received made our learning experience truly enriching. Their dedication to teaching and their willingness to guide us beyond the classroom set the foundation for our success.
My self Akshay K B, 2019 batch passed out student from E&C Department currently working as a team leader at PESU ventures lab.The faculty and staff have been exceptional in every way, always going above and beyond to ensure that I have the support and resources I need to succeed in my studies. I've been impressed by the knowledge and expertise of my lecturers, who are not only highly skilled in their fields but also deeply committed to their students' success.
link Important links
support Student Welfare
share Quick Links
school Scholarship
handshake Group of Institutions
public Social Links
KSP | Copyright ©  -  | All Rights Reserved
Designed & developed by Rapsol Technologies Pvt Ltd