College code
CET : E203
COMED-K : E067
PG-CET MTech : T909
PG-CET MBA : B198
Notification |
Kammavari Sangham (R) 1952, K. S. Group of Institutions
K. S. SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT
No.15, Mallasandra, Off. Kanakapura Road, Bengaluru-560109,  +919900710055
Affiliated to VTU, Belagavi & Approved by AICTE, New Delhi, Accredited by NAAC

WELCOME TO KSSEM
----------------
The Kammavari Sangham, a multi-activity non-profit oriented voluntary service organization, was established in the year 1952 with the sole objective of providing charitable service to community and society.
The Sangham has diversified its activities since its establishment over five decades ago. With a firm belief that quality and meaningful education only can lay the strong foundation for bringing about economic and social changes to the lives of thousand, the Sangham went about establishing educational institutions, starting with K.S. Polytechnic in 1992.
Enthused with this success of its foray into technical education, the Sangham moved forward by starting the K.S School of Engineering and Management (KSSEM) in the year 2010.
The campus of K S School of Engineering and Management, nestled in a quiet location off the Kanakapura Main Road, provides good facilities that are required for quality technical education.
KSSEM's strength lies in its good vision; dedicated, experienced and well qualified teaching staff; the establishment with recent equipment in the laboratories and the interactive relationship that it has forged with the industry; all with the active support of an eminent Management.
KSSEM is offering six Under Graduate courses namely Civil Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Artificial Intelligence and Data Science, Computer Science & Business System and Mechanical Engineering. It is also offering M Tech course in Structural Engineering and Masters in Business Administration.

SCHOOLVISION
------------

WORKSPACE_PREMIUMMISSION
------------------------

K. S. SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT SHALL,
-------------------------------------------------

PROGRAMMES AT KSSEM
-------------------
Department of Artificial Intelligence & Data Science
Department of Civil Engineering
Department of Computer Science & Business System
Department of Computer Science & Engineering
Department of Electronics & Communication Engineering
Department of Mechanical Engineering
Department of Applied Science
Master of Technology in Structural Engineering
Master of Business Administration
National Service Scheme (NSS)
Department of Training & Placements
K S Research & Innovation Foundation (KSRIF)

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE & DATA SCIENCE
--------------------------------------
At AI & DS, we equip students with the skills to harness artificial intelligence and data science to solve real-world challenges and drive innovation.

LATEST AT KSSEM
-----------------

LIFE AT KSSEM
-------------

CAMPUS LIFE
-----------
Kammavari Sangham School of Engineering and Management is not just a college.
It's a community of pro-active students with ambitious dreams. A dream of a bright future.
A dream of a successful life. KSSEM has always stood for discipline and in molding character of its students.
The institute prides itself in imparting value added education by laying a strong foundation for the holistic growth of student community.
Separate hostels are provided for boys and girls situated within walking distance from the college for convenience.
The hostels are prepared to be an extended home.
The hostel facilitates completely support students to carry out serious study and to grow physically, intellectually and psychology.
The college tradition and discipline is also extended to the hostels.
Library of K.S. School of Engineering and Management was established in the year 2010 with the main objective of providing best services to the users with the help of resources available in the collection.
Sport includes all forms of competitive physical activity or games which, through casual
or organized participation, at least in part aim to use, maintain or improve physical ability and skills while
providing enjoyment to participants, and in some cases, entertainment for spectators.

ACHIEVERS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
--------------------------
B NAYANA , 6th semester , 1KG21CS014, Department of CSE Secured Bronze Medal in 400Mts free style .The VTU, State level Swimming Competition Organized by RVITM, Bangalore at Basavanagudi Aquatic center on 19th & 20th June 2024

BRONZE MEDAL
---------------
Secured 5 bronze medal 100M Free Style, 200M Free Style,400M Free Style 800M Free Style & 200M IM in the VTU State Level swimming competition 2023 held at MSRIT Bangalore 9th August 2023.

BRONZE MEDAL
---------------
Congratulations Pradeep A of Mechanical Department (1KG19ME016) for Securing 8th Rank in VTU 2022-23

VTU 8TH RANK FOR PRADEEP . A
-------------------------------
Project Exhibition 2022-2023 was organized on 08/05/23 by K. S. School of Engineering and Management for the students

PROJECT EXHIBITION WINNERS 2022-2023
---------------------------------------
Project Exhibition 2022-2023 was organized on 08/05/23 by K. S. School of Engineering and Management for the students

PROJECT EXHIBITION RUNNERS 2022-2023
---------------------------------------
Overall Championship is won by CSE Department in Annual Sport Meet organized by KSSEM on 25/03/2023

ANNUAL SPORTS MEET WINNER
----------------------------
Overall Championship is won by CSE Department in Annual Sport Meet organized by KSSEM on 11/06/2022

ANNUAL SPORTS MEET WINNER
----------------------------
Project Exhibition 2021-2022 was organized on 21/06/22 by K. S. School of Engineering and Management for the students

PROJECT EXHIBITION RUNNERS 2021 - 2022
-----------------------------------------
Project Exhibition 2021-2022 was organized on 21/06/22 by K. S. School of Engineering and Management for the students on innovative ideas.

PROJECT EXHIBITION WINNERS 2021-2022
---------------------------------------
Mr. Tarun Kumar V, Alumni of Department of Civil Engineering, KSSEM as been awarded "Outstanding performance as Field Surveyor - 2021-2022" from "Black Olive Ventures Pvt. LTD.

OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE AS FIELD SURVEYOR 2021-2022
------------------------------------------------------
Mr. Nikhil C, Alumni of Department of Civil Engineering, KSSEM has been awarded for "Outstanding Performance for the Financial Year 2021-2022 from "Black Olive Ventures Pvt. LTD."

OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2021-2022
-----------------------------------------------------------
Project Exhibition for U G Final Year Students was organized on 21st of June 2022 by K. S. School of Engineering and Management for the students on "Innovative ideas in their projects" Project Title: " "Transit Oriented Development - A Case Study of Namma Bengaluru Metro Phase 1" Project Students: Bhargava M, Rohit K S, Ganesh S, Muniratanam B S Guide: Prof. Sai Sushma B A

RUNNERS OF PROJECT EXHIBITION 2021-2022
------------------------------------------
Project Exhibition for U G Final Year Students was organized on 21st of June 2022 by K. S. School of Engineering and Management for the students on "Innovative ideas in their projects" Project Title: "Smart Irrigation System using IOT" Project Students: Varun C J, Rohit Yadav, Ravi V, Abhinandan Bhagat Guide: Prof. Shashi Prasad N

WINNERS OF PROJECT EXHIBITION 2021-2022
------------------------------------------
UG Project "Sustainability of Traditional Rural Mud House in Kanakapura Village: A Study related to Thermal Comfort" , is been selected for the State Level Seminar & Exhibition held at Visvesvarya Technological University. Belagavi on 13th & 14th August 2022. Project Students - ANUP, SACHIN SANGAPPA KAGA, CHAITANYA K N, PRADEEP KUMAR S T Project Guide's - Mr. Naveena M P & Sushma M

KSCST PROJECT SELECTED FOR STATE LEVEL SEMINAR & EXHIBITION 2021-2022
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXPLORE KSSEM
-------------

VIDEO_LIBRARYCAMPUS VIDEO
-------------------------

VIEW_IN_ARVIRTUAL TOUR
----------------------

PLACEMENTS AT KSSEM
-------------------
Placement is an integral part of the education process of a student in KSSEM. Placement preparation starts soon after admissions.

TESTIMONIALS
------------
It was my immense luck and fortune to be the part of KSSEM. The entire faculty and department leaves no stone unturned to shape one's future. My two year's at KSSEM have been a wonderful experience of learning with prolific exposure to outside. Huge respect, love and devotion for entire faculty members and department. Thank you for your continuous support
Most humbly, my name is Kruthika B and I am a passed-out student of the 2022 batch of Computer Science and Engineering branch of K S School of Engineering and Management. I am glad to provide you with my feedback about the college. My overall experience to date has been amazing, and the college is having an amazing infrastructure and environment. The college provides excellent placement opportunities. I have been placed in 9 companies through the placement drives conducted by our college (Expleo, Valenta, Infosys, Giant Eagle, 6D Technologies, Capgemini). I have been also placed at Daimler (DTICI) with a package of 10LPA. Our college has provided me with a number of opportunities to grow and explore my skills. The emphasis on sports along with education always helped me a lot. I have always found a positive and healthy environment and the teachers are highly supportive and friendly. Most of my doubts were cleared after the classes were over. I am highly thankful to you for providing me with an opportunity to be a part of our college. It has added a number of values to my life.
My experience in college has been one of the richest experiences of my professional life. This college has given me hope about what higher education can do, it encourages individuality and conductivity. Kssem has one of the best labs, facilities, library, campus, faculty, staffs and canteen. The college library has variety of books on different domains and is easy to access with the help of staff who are more than ready to help. The faculty are very welcoming and friendly going with students. The last fest Aarohana was from 20th to 24th of june 2022 which is the best experience I had in this college. Personally to me memories of Aarohana is the best of all where I enjoyed the most after academics. I would say experiences i had in kssem is one of the best and will always be memorable.
Hello everyone, I am Sushil Singh a passed out of 2022 batch of CSE department from K S School of Engineering and Management and currently placed in my dream company which is Quest Global , hence I am thankful to each one of them in my learning journey. The infrastructure of the college is amazing and we got positive learning environment to procure profound knowledge right from basics to advanced skills in all fields. We also got clarity to choose exact courses for the domain as per our interest. Also, with the college being in a silent place, the college also has a basketball court, Library ,Xerox Shop and Canteen and various other student friendly areas. We also have annual sports and cultural activities to promote good culture among the students. Even, the placement cell of the college helps every student to get placed, placement training which starts from 1st year of the course itself with extra-ordinary placement training. The college also promotes anti-ragging and no-tobacco use in the college premises. Along with that the college has helped me to step out of my comfort zone and work in any given environment. I am exceptionally thankful to all college professors and also to entire college management team for providing this extremely positive learning environment throughout my academic journey.
My Two years at KSSEM were great and memory to cherish for a lifetime. It was full of learning and grooming oneself. It gave me an opportunity to explore things which Excel my knowledge. I am thankful to all the faculties, mentors as well as placement cell. Overall it was a great experience and lifetime memory at KSSEM
Hello Everyone I am Haritha. Coming to my Journey at KSSEM I have done Electronics & Communication Engineering at KSSEM. The institute provides great facilities to its students along with the best quality education and on campus placements opportunities. Course was very good that it enriched my knowledge content through various fields with practical as well as theory, faculties are very good. Internships Opportunities Yes I opted for internship, I did my internship at Tequed labs On Technologies like Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning at Ittamadu main Road, Banashankari. I got Paid Internship from the College at Giant Eagle located at Thanisandra, Yelahanka and Explored many technologies like Automation Testing using selenium with Python. I got stipend of 23000/-, overall process of an internship was good. Placement Experience The placement training starts from the 3rd year and students will be permitted to take the placement tests from the 7th semester. Highest package is about 10 lakhs and I got placed in Companies like Infosys, Wipro and Virtusa. Many companies visit our college like Infosys, Tata consultancy service, Larson and turbo etc. the process for recruiting student for the company was very easy, many of our friends had opened their own companies with their ability. College Events Campus was so good, where there is cultural fest every year based on the theme, and there is a chance for all to participate in any of the event of their choice. There is project exhibition every year with patent rights. Campus Life Campus infrastructure is so good that every required thing is present and it is easily available to all the students, sports is also available with the student?s choice. I got placed in Wipro - Project Engineer Infosys - System Engineer Virtusa - Java Full stack Developer Giant Eagle - Automation Testing
Finding the right path to success at the right time is very important and for that way, I selected K S School of Engineering And Management. At the very outset, I would like to express my heartiest thanks to the department of E.C.E, K.S.S.E.M. In K.S.S.E.M we are trained for our placements and because of that, I was placed in one of the reputed companies. The friendly environment and the systematic approach towards imparting education at K.S.S.E.M made me a competent individual. Today, if I am in a good position it?s majorly because of what I have learned from K.S.S.E.M. The wide range of activities both curricular and co-curricular and the support from each faculty member of the E.C.E department of K.S.S.E.M was very helpful for my personal and professional growth. The faculties are very kind and approachable when any need arises. The E.C.E department professors and excellent lab facilities helped me to develop my personal and professional skills and helped me achieve great heights during my stay at K.S.S.E.M. During academic activities, the E.C.E department and especially my favorite Renuka ma'am helped me to get a lot of in-depth knowledge and understanding of cutting-edge technologies and their use in various industrial areas. It was a great experience to study here and make ourselves what we are today. I am proud to be a part of the KSSEM family.
My name is Sadhana H C having USN 1KG18EC046. I'm a student of Electronics and Communication Engineering from 2018 to 2022. My experience in this college has been amazing overall, as I entered into my first year of academics all the professors were very generous in helping me understand the concepts better and made sure to clear my doubts within the class itself. Our college has great infrastructure, labs, auditoriums, and a canteen and there is also a basketball court. Everything is very hygienic and well maintained. There is IEEE Student Branch, NSS, and Rotary Club in the college which keeps all the students involved in co-curricular activities as well. I served our IEEE Student Branch as Chairperson for a year, where we conducted a lot of events which are technical and non-technical many more every month. It helped me imbibe qualities such as leadership, voluntariness, team player, communication skills and many more. There is also special placement training that is organised by the Placement department of the college for all the students. They helped us comprehend from the very basics of aptitude to how to face the interview and soft skills with various tips and tricks. I have been placed at TATA Consultancy Services as Assistant System Engineer in Web development and Project Management with CTC of 3.36 LPA. I'm grateful to my college for always encouraging, supportive and motivating us in each step to aim high and accomplish our goals. Thank you
I'm Revanth A,USN 1KG18EC045 from Electronics and communication Engineering department, 8th sem. I found the institute in a very well equipped infrastructure and facilities provided to all the students, and also the faculty and all the staff in the campus are friendly and helpful in all the way. The faculty are really well trained and they support the students in all activities and provided everyone with the best teaching and made my graduation with the best learning's and development of myself.
It was a great experience studying at KSSEM, a memory to cherish for lifetime. My experience at KSSEM was full of learning and grooming. I like the friendly atmosphere in our Civil Engineering department and the fact it has helped me develop a positive attitude towards my studies and discover more about myself. I am thankful to all the faculties, mentors and entire civil engineering department for providing us with quality education.They make sure every class is educational, interactive and fun. Overall it was a great experience and lifetime memory at KSSEM
I Abhishek KC is an alumni of KSSEM and was a part of the first batch of this esteemed college. This college has not only transformed me into an eligible civil engineer but also has made me a successful entrepreneur, a property developer and also a modern realtor. As a student I also was exposed to all possible platforms of extra curricular to develop my talent and also helped me be a good leader. I am proud to have been a part of KSSEM forever. Abhishek KC Proprietor AB Developers, Bangalore
I am fortunate to spend these wonderful two years of M. Tech at KS School of Engineering Management; it was a memorable journey of learning technical as well as life lessons. The establishment provides a welcoming atmosphere in which students feel free to communicate with professionals. Faculty members of civil department were supportive, best part is they teach concepts from basic even though we are M. Tech students, especially during pandemic online classes their efforts were a huge support. We always get a positive response when we need help regarding internship and placements; there is great exposure to research as well as extracurricular activities for M. Tech students which I love the most. I am thankful to KSSEM and Civil department for quality education and great opportunities.
Hi, I am Kalyan Venkatesh B S a pass out of 2022 batch from KSSEM and currently placed in Mpokket and NTT Data Services. Firstly the infrastructure of the college is really good with the college being in a silent place, the college also has a basketball court, Xerox Shop and Canteen. Along with this there are annual sports and cultural activities to promote good culture among the students. The placement cell of the college helps every student to get placed, this starts from 1st year of the course itself. The college also promotes anti-ragging and no-tobacco use in the college premises. Along with that the college has helped me to step out of my comfort zone and work in any given environment.
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency, and vibration as quoted by ' Nicola Tesla', was proven right by the teachers of KSSEM. Firstly I would like to thank the editorial team for giving me this opportunity. When I first stepped into KSSEM College I never expected my life to take such a wonderful phase! Initially, when I was in my first year, I thought my engineering life would be study oriented, but as I entered the COMPUTER SCIENCE branch it all changed!! Teachers were so experienced and knowledgeable that they not only helped me to excel in academics but in building my character. They were very much supportive in all ways. Apart from classroom studies, KSSEM highly encourages students to take up extracurricular activities; the most memorable will be the college fest AAROHANA 2022. I am grateful to have had such an opportunity; this helped me immensely gain knowledge and also made me a betterment engineer. I would like to thank every member of our department and Management for their support and encouragement.
Hello, I am Amitha S M a passed out of 2022 batch from KSSEM and currently placed in Giant Eagle and NTT Data Services. Firstly the infrastructure of the college is really good and located in a peaceful environment. The college provides the laboratories with the required open source software and internet facilities. The faculties of the college are very supportive and encourage students to develop their skills. The college also has a basketball court, Xerox Shop and Canteen. Along with this there are annual sports and cultural activities to promote good culture among the students. The placement cell of the college helps every student to get placed, this starts from 1st year of the course itself by providing technical and soft skill training. The college also promotes anti-ragging and tobacco free in the premises. The college has helped me to develop my skills and work in any given environment.
Going into college, my only goal was to graduate with an engineering degree. But, looking back on the last four years, KSSEM has played an integral part in my development as a capable software engineer. The university has constantly provided me with good opportunities and resources to improve myself. The faculty at Computer Science Engineering is second to none. They are proficient, accessible, and patient. My bachelor's degree at KSSEM majoring in Software Technology has been eye-opening. The placement team here works hard to bring in several core and big companies; there are placement drives happening almost every day. The workshops and hackathons conducted by the various teams here at the institution helped me get a good overview of what is needed to work in a collaborative and professional environment. I am very grateful to them for assisting me in obtaining an internship at Celstream Technologies as an Interim Engineering Intern.
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration. as quoted by ' Nicola Tesla', was proven right by the teachers of KSSEM. Firstly I would like to thank editorial team for giving me this opportunity. When I first stepped into KSSEM college I never expected my life to take such a wonderful phase! Initially, when I was in first year, i thought my engineering life would be study oriented, but as I entered COMPUTER SCIENCE branch it all changed !! Teachers were so experienced and knowledgeable that they not only helped me to excel in academics but in building my character.They were very much supportive in all ways. Apart from classroom studies,KSSEM highly encourages students to take up extra - curricular activities, the most memorable will be the college fest AAROHANA 2022. I am greatful to have such an opportunity, this helped me immensely gain knowledge and also made me a betterment engineer. I would like to thank each and every member of our department and Management for their support and encouragement.
link Important links
support Student Welfare
share Quick Links
school Scholarship
handshake Group of Institutions
public Social Links
KSSEM | Copyright ©  | All Rights Reserved
Designed & developed by Rapsol Technologies Pvt Ltd